Hi, I'm Linda
Moulton Howe.
Since graduating
from Stanford University
where I produced
documentaries
about medicine
and science,
I have investigated the world
with the pressure of fact.
I am a truth hunter
on this planet,
this solar system and
the universe beyond.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> "Truth Hunter" includes
investigations of symbols
discovered on the surfaces
of UFO debris in the Roswell
crashes of the 1940s and beyond
to many other locations that
lead up to US Army
Sergeant CJ, I call him,
and his wife
on June 29, 2015.
They were faced with an
820 foot diameter disk
above their truck
in Wadley, Georgia.
Across the middle
of the huge disk
were symbols, that I
recognized a couple of them
as nearly the same as symbols
drawn by Staff Sergeant James
Penniston after midnight
on December 26, 1980
in Rendlesham Forest near
RAF Bentwaters Woodbridge.
So let's start now with a
comparison of the Wadley craft
symbols with those in the
Rendlesham Forest incident.
The far left symbol on
the Wadley, Georgia disk
seems to match the
far left bottom symbol
that Staff Sergeant
James Penniston sketched
after he touched raised
symbols on a nine foot
long, black, glassy, triangular
craft in Rendlesham Forest.
That was in England,
and it was about 3:00 AM
on December 26, 1980.
Also, Sergeant Penniston's
ring around that triangle
with the two black circles
resembles the second symbol
from the right on
the Wadley disk
that has a ring around a
triangle with three circles.
Sergeant CJ and his wife
were very confused about
what had happened.
CJ recalculated his
GPS and continued
driving northwest
to Atlanta, Georgia
again, on a different road.
They finally checked into the
Magnuson Hotel in Kennesaw,
north of Atlanta, at
7:36 AM on June 29, 2015.
They slept in the
day and then got back
on the road, headed
for Kentucky.
The credit card sales
receipt for the Motel 6
in Paducah, Kentucky, shows
CJ and his family checked
in at 5:13 AM on June 30, 2015.
Exhausted, everyone fell asleep.
But Sergeant CJ found
himself waking up
in their Motel 6
bathroom holding
a ballpoint pen in one hand
and the letter-size motel
receipt in the other.
CJ was staring at the back
of the receipt, covered
with squares and
lines that trailed off
to the angry, perplexed letters.
What the-- WTF.
For our first recorded interview
about this high strangeness,
he asked that his voice
be electronically altered
because he is active Army, and
he wants to remain anonymous.
So what you are about to hear
is a distorted male voice.
Sergeant CJ talks
about a vivid dream
that he had before becoming
conscious in that bathroom.
In the dream, light gray
colored alien beings
wearing dark lenses over
eyes similar to but larger
than human eyes are warning
about a threat to Earth.
Have you seen the symbols in
sleep or in your mind's eye?
>> Usually in my sleep.
And that first time
that it happened,
when I was in that hotel, I do
not remember getting out of bed
and walking into the
bathroom with a pen,
in my hotel, where she
had been doing that.
I literally woke up standing
there after I had finished.
>> Have the symbols
been repeated,
in addition to the squares
and the vertical lines?
Yeah, I've seen them
again in dreams.
>> Can you describe that dream?
>> Yeah.
It's dark all the way around,
and their being scrolled past
from right to left.
They're slightly illuminated,
like a light blue color.
>> Are you getting any
impression of what they are
saying in your dream?
>> Something Council
of five, I believe?
>> Council of five?
And what are they saying?
>> It's more of a warning.
A preparation for something.
An alert of what may
come, or what could come,
or what is soon to come, or
something to that effect.
And they're doing what
they can to try to help us.
They're almost to the point
where they're outnumbered,
and we're going to
need to assist and get
to where we need to
be sooner in order
to be able to stand a chance.
>> Did you see any humanoids
of any shape or size or type
in any of your dreams?
>> Yes, ma'am.
>> Which type?
>> Skin similar to ours,
however, grayish in color.
Elongated heads.
Larger sockets for eyes.
Larger eyes.
In the dream that
I was seeing there
was one about where
my feet would be,
and I could see
expressionless on his face
as a little bit of worry, but
was trying to keep being calm.
>> Did you get the telepathic
impressions of warning there
aren't enough of us,
there's more of them.
Something is going
to happen that's
going to be a big problem, and
that these beings have been
trying to help, and now
they can't because they
don't have enough numbers
versus what is there?
>> Similar, perhaps, but I
think it's more along the lines
of what we're doing
that's going to harm us,
such as sending
signals out into space,
is not a safe thing to do.
That we have technology
that we need to expand on,
but it's being
kept from everyone,
behind locked doors
or closed doors,
and only to certain individuals,
or something to that effect.
And allow all minds
to come together
to get things done a
little bit quicker.
>> Or what is going to happen?
>> Whatever's going to happen
might negatively affect us.
I don't know what
that might be though.
>> And if there is a
warning or an alert.
That would imply that something
is coming that may be harmful.
>> I don't know.
I know it's something that
will affect us here on Earth.
I know that at our current
advancement and technology
and how we're progressing
is happening to slow.
And the way to fix that
is opening up and allowing
everyone here who's
kept in the dark
or not being told
the information,
we need to allow outside
minds in in order
to solve the issues
that we're having,
to increase our
advancement in technology,
and speed up our
process for advancement.
>> If that doesn't happen,
what bad could happen?
>> i really don't have
an answer for that.
>> About the Council of Five,
Sergeant CJ told me he had
never heard about it
outside of the dream.
When you Google ET or
alien council of five,
this is one of the websites
that comes up that lists five
alleged alien races
that include, all caps,
E-M-E-R-T-H-E-R, EMERTHER.
The website Alien Axioms
describes the EMERTHER
as quote, "one of
the founder races
of the Council of
Five, ancient and more
advanced on many levels than
most cosmic intelligences.
Allegedly, it was the EMERTHER
that wanted to meet with
or did meet with American
President Dwight Eisenhower
to perhaps discuss
atomic bomb tests.
The EMERTHER warned
humans that atomic bombs
must be stopped, because
the nuclear blasts were
tearing into other dimensions.
The website states, without
giving sources, quote, "very
little is known about
the five alien races that
make up the Council of Five.
These five races have been
protecting Earth and humans
for a long time, and
they last met together
on this planet in 1944."
Close quote.
I asked Sergeant
CJ why he thought
advanced intelligences would
be communicating with Earth
humans in binary code.
And he replied, quote,
"well, maybe it's
like the yin and yang
symbol of black and white.
So 0's and 1's can be
used all over the universe
to communicate."
Close quote.
On Earth, this is what standard
ASCII 8-bit binary code
looks like.
It starts with the
number 0, which
is equivalent to the 8
characters, 0, 0, 1, 1,
space 0, 0, 0, 0.
Capital letters are different
from lower case letters.
Punctuation, such as
periods and commas,
each have their own
8-bit code designators.
I had Sergeant CJ's squares
and ones translated.
Here is the first page
showing how letters and words
emerge in ASCII binary code.
Continuous protection
of humanity.
49 degrees, 27 minutes north,
11 degrees, 5 minutes east.
Expose hidden knowledge to ALL.
"ALL" all caps.
Citizens advancement imperative
for planetary survival.
Beware of Orion 1350.3 5 and
Z Reticuli 39.1 question mark.
The question mark is
from the translator.
Then the number 70, avoid,
and the bracket signal
was an interpretation
by the translator.
It said, avoid messages sent.
Now, here is the
whole translation
for all of the
squares and lines.
Sergeant CJ rode on the
back of that Motel 6
letter-size receipt
in Paducah, Kentucky.
Continuous protection
of humanity,
49 degrees, 27 minutes north,
11 degrees, five minutes east.
Expose hidden knowledge
to all citizens.
Advancement imperative
for planetary survival.
Beware of Orion 1350.3 and Z
Reticuli 39.1 question mark 70.
Avoid messages sent.
And now we know the
numbers 1350.3 and 39.1
question mark 70
do have a match.
In the distance from the
Earth to the Orion nebula,
which is 1,350 light
years from Earth.
And to the binary star
system of Zeta Reticuli,
that is 39.17 light
years from Earth.
Earlier references
to Zeta Reticuli 1
first turned up in the
1961 Betty and Barney Hill
abduction in the White
Mountains of New Hampshire.
That was the first worldwide
reported human abduction
by gray alien beings.
Betty Hill said one
of the gray entities
showed her a three-dimensional
hologram of stars
that had connecting lines
that the gray telepathically
downloaded into Betty's mind
were trade routes connecting
some star systems in our
arm of the Milky Way galaxy.
Instead of solid
lines, some stars
were connected by dashed lines.
The gray being
telepathed to Betty
that those were
exploration routes,
and that our sun and solar
system were being explored.
The last line,
avoid messages sent,
seems to relate to Sergeant
CJ's dream information
about the danger of
Earth sending out
SETI signals without knowing
who is on the other end.
That same warning came in 2015
from Elon Musk, Bill Gates,
and physicist Stephen
Hawking, about both SETI
and relying too much on
artificial intelligence.
Let's go back to the
first line that says,
continuous protection
of humanity,
49 degrees, 27 minutes
north, and 11 degrees,
five minutes east.
If that latitude
and longitude are
supposed to be a
location on Earth
where ETs from the
Council of Five
are supposed to be
protecting humans, how odd
that it turns out to be town
center of Nuremberg, Germany.
Nuremberg was a significant city
for the Nazis in World War II,
and the location of the
International War crime
trials after the war ended.
But Nuremberg was also famous
more than 400 years ago
in 1561, when immense
black cylinders appeared
in an early dawn sky and
released many strange smaller
blue, black, red, and orange
spheres, rods, and crosses.
Many people watched the aerial
machines clash and battle
above a great black
spear that remains
stationary for the entire
hour-long conflict.
Some UFOs crashed and burned.
You can see it in the lower
right of this famous woodcut
by German artist, Hans Glaser.
So who, in that
aerial UFO battle,
might have been
protecting humanity?
As stated in the
Sergeant CJ binary code,
quote, "continuous protection
of humanity" close quote.
What could the battle be about?
Now let's go deeper into
binary code messages
by comparing
Sergeant CJ's string
of 0's and 1's to Sergeant
Jim Penniston's back
on December 26, 1980.
That was the night that Sergeant
Penniston, with Airman First
class John Burroughs
and Airman Ed Cabansag,
were ordered into
Rendlesham Forest, England,
to investigate strange
colored lights moving around
in the tall forest
on civilian land
that ran along RAF
Bentwaters Woodbridge.
That was then NATO's
largest airbase.
This is a page one of the
binary code written down
by Sergeant Penniston
after he touched the raised
symbols on the surface of
a mysterious, black, glassy
triangular craft on
the forest ground.
The red vertical lines
mark off the groups
of eight 0's and 1's to
match against the ASCII code
translation for
letters and numbers.
At the right is the
summary translation.
And this is now Sergeant
Penniston in 1980.
Exploration of humanity unclear.
Then numbers, and
then the number 8100.
This is page two of
Penniston's binary code
that translates to a
latitude and longitude.
And in all caps, the
word "CONTINUOUS."
Page three translates in all
caps, FOR PLANETARY ADVANCE.
Fourth coordinate continuous
CEPR question mark.
We don't know what that is.
The word "before."
And then page five,
Penniston binary code,
after the word before,
Penniston's writing stops.
End of transmission.
After those first five pages
of code were translated,
Penniston then released one
more batch of 0's and 1's.
This is Penniston's personally
approved and official release
of his binary code
translation that
adds six latitude and
longitude coordinates
for Caracol, Belize, Sedona,
Arizona, the great pyramid
of Giza, Egypt, the
Nazca Lines of Peru,
Tai Shan Qu, China, where the
green symbols were on that
UFO, the temple of
Apollo in Naxos, Greece.
And then came these words.
Eyes of your eyes--
in all caps.
And then a repeat of the
controversial latitude
longitude that some
interpret as being
Hy-Brasil, Mythical off the
Western coast of Ireland,
or Woodbridge, England.
And in the last
line, the number 8100
is repeated as all
caps, ORIGIN YEAR 8100.
If you subtract Earth
year 1980 from 8100,
you get 6,120 years,
perhaps in the future,
for the time travelers.
But Penniston, in
hypnosis, said,
that he was telepathed
that they were from 40,000
years in our future.
But it can also be argued
that the time travelers
from a distant future were not
referring to Earth-based 365
day year cycles of time.
It is also important
to understand
that Sergeant
Penniston did not have
any decimal placements in
his string of 0's and 1's
in his notebook.
So each latitude
and longitude could
be any one of 24
possibilities, according
to an astronomer, Mike Reed,
who did the original binary
translations.
For example, in the second
line latitude and longitude,
when a decimal was tried
in a different position
than the Hy-Brasil
option, it precisely
matched the town
center of Woodbridge,
not far from the airbase
and Rendlesham Forest.
The scientists felt strongly
the Woodbridge option made
more sense because the
black triangle craft,
if it's a time travel
device, it would likely
be emitting a continuous
stream of location information
to whoever sent the black
triangle to Rendlesham Forest.
Astronomer Reed thought that
land options were more logical
than oceans.
But the "Ancient
Aliens" producers
preferred the mythical
ocean idea of Hy-Brasil,
since it fit with their
ancient aliens theme.
Hy-Brasil was supposed
to be an ancient island
west of Ireland that only
appeared once every seven
years.
Adding to its mystery
were the tales
of people in boats who
tried to reach the island,
but they never could.
However, astronomer Mike Reed
argued that the Woodbridge town
center was so close to where
the black, glassy triangular
craft, and its symbols
were telepathically
sending the binary code into
Sergeant Penniston's mind,
the town center Woodbridge
made sense to him.
Let's now compare CJ's
first June 30, 2016
binary translation on the
top with Sergeant Penniston's
first binary release from his
December 26, 1980 encounter.
The words that stand out
as similar are continuous,
humanity, advance
planetary survival.
Another warning about
planetary survival
came in this binary code
discovered in a wheat field
next to Crabwood Copse
in the village of Pitt,
near Winchester Hampshire,
England, on August 15, 2002.
The gray alien head
and binary code disk
is in front of BBC Winchester's
tall broadcast antenna.
And those 60 thin
horizontal lines
are thought to simulate an
early 20th century TV broadcast.
The implication seemed to be
that the crop formation was
a reply to Earth TV signals.
The start of the
Crabwood August 15,
2002 binary spiral of
code begins 0100 0010;
which equals the
capital letter B.
The entire ASCII 8-bit
translation of the Crabwood
spiral binary code is "beware
the bearers of false gifts
and their broken promises.
Much pain, but still time.
Believe--" misspelled--
"there is good out there.
We oppose DECEPTION.
All caps.
Conduit closing," close quote.
But was the warning
from the alien
depicted in the wheat
holding the binary disk?
Or was the warning about the
alien in the wheat pattern?
The three star-like objects
on the alien's shoulder
resemble the famous
Orion Belt stars.
So many people think there
is a threat from something
associated with the
Orion constellation.
Then in early 2016 came a
retired Navy whistleblower,
William Mills
Tompkins, who said that
from World War II on,
for several years,
he worked building
scale models of UFOs
and learned that the United
States government had
extraterrestrial allies
that protected humanity
and Earth from
marauding, bullying,
humanoid reptilians
that originated
in the constellations
Orion and Draco.
A similar message was repeated
13 years later on June 23,
2015, near the airport of Turin,
Italy, also known as Turin.
This city is where Jesus
Christ's alleged burial
shroud is kept.
Geneticist Horace Drew,
PhD, from Sydney, Australia
tackled these very
difficult rings
of binary code that included 128
small circles in straight lines
between 16 triangular rays
of the outermost ring.
His binary translation
of that outer ring
is "beware ET bearing gifts."
Dr. Drew said the Turin, Italy,
June 23, 2015 summer solstice
sweep pattern, quote, "it
looks like a clock, where
we have to rotate the
inner wheel to match
the outer wheel."
Close quote.
Even though the inner ring
binary code is not clear,
Dr. Drew thinks some of it
warns about a Trojan horse
event coming to Earth.
He wonders if the Trojan
horse is an invasion attack
by non-humans from
Orion and Zeta Reticuli,
warned about also in Sergeant
CJ's binary code of June 30,
2015.
And that was only seven days
after the Turin, Italy warning.
Sergeant CJ Did receive
more telepathic downloads
coming into his head at night.
He said the squares and lines
came faster than before,
so it was hard for him
to write it all down.
He also could see that some
of the squares were darkened,
and he managed to get some of
the new communication written
down along with his comments
about what was happening.
From October 27 to the
first week of January, 2016.
Sergeant CJ was waking
up a lot, yelling.
I talked with his
wife, and she said
he would wake her
up talking loudly
and was often saying
a string of numbers.
She told me near tears
how much it scared her,
and she wanted it to stop.
Sergeant CJ said he was
trying to concentrate
on the dark shadings
in the squares
that he hadn't been able to copy
before because the images moved
too fast in his mind's
eye, moving right to left.
But finally, he thought that
he was getting some of it
in these new pages.
Dr. Drew researched
binary codes,
and he found this one at
thinkersmith.org that uses
squares that are either clear
or blackened to represent
1's and 0's.
Horace Drew applied it to
Sergeant CJ's new pages.
On the far left of this graphic,
Dr. Drew's binary translations
are in red letters
going vertically
down the page, next to
matching binary code spelling
the first word, imminent.
"Imminent threat soon
upon Earth's leaders
and civilizations.
Expose and disband hidden
knowledge to all citizens.
Employ safe and controlled
joint study to all minds.
Progression imperative
for combined survival.
Embrace this--" and
there was a space--
"vessel threat."
And then the number 000,
and then the word journey,
followed by brackets around
a 12, followed by ly,
which on Earth, ly is used by
astronomers to mean light year.
12 light years.
And then Ikes.
Is that President Eisenhower?
Ikes embedded citizens
are ready ais close.
The word evolve,
followed by six ones.
We don't understand it, but
that's the literal ASCII code.
Then, royal EMERTHER,
EMERTHER all caps.
Warning, expose foreign
technology to all.
Evolutionary advancement
needed to prevent takeover.
Bracket, the number 3,
and a single quote mark.
In the last paragraph
is that all caps word,
EMERTHER, that on
the web is associated
with an alien Council of Five.
Then, on February
18, 2016, Sergeant CJ
found that he had added five
new lines of squares and lines
without darkening any of them.
Sergeant CJ e-mailed
me, quote, "it was fast,
and I was unsure if I
drew them down correctly.
It felt like it was not
meant for me to write them,
and I felt weird about it like
it was not clear enough for me.
I just did the
best I could, and I
figured it was probably
all messed up or wrong.
They are the only ones I
have had since I sent you
photos of my notebook.
I could not darken
the boxes and lines
because they were
moving too fast,
and I was having a hard
time concentrating.
There was much more
to it, but I could not
keep up concentrating."
Close quote.
I sent them to Dr.
Drew, and what he sent
back was a surprise.
There were five clumps of
letters and five unknown words.
Dr. Drew did know that the last
two letters, ki, originally
meant Earth in ancient Sumerian.
And the letters and
the words are nabu,
rakbu, capital H
laraak, sanu, ki.
I sent the five words to
Professor Joshua Jeffers, PhD,
research specialist,
royal inscriptions
of the Neo-Assyrian period
project at the University
of Pennsylvania in the Museum
of Archeology and Anthropology
Babylonian section,
Philadelphia.
Here is his march
24, 2016 reply.
The first two words
and the fourth word
look to be Akkadian
and not Sumerian.
The first could be the god
Nabu, but without the cuneiform,
it is difficult to say, since
there is no divine classifier,
as it's known,
before the word Nabu.
Well, what is Nabu?
Nabu was one of the three most
important gods in Sumeria.
Nabu was the keeper
of the Tablets
of Destiny, that
recorded humanity's fate.
He was son of
Marduk and grandson
of Enki-Ea of the Annunaki.
Nabu's grandfather, Ea, is
the creator and protector
of humanity because Ea
created humans out of clay
to be worker slaves for
the Mesopotamian gods.
But the supreme god, Enlil,
was irritated by the noise
the humans made, apparently
because we aren't telepathic,
and we have to talk out loud.
So Enlil wanted to destroy
Ea's human slave creation
with a devastating flood.
But Ea realized
what Enlil was up to
and got a friend
to build an arc so
that humanity could escape god
Enlil's act of annihilation.
Professor Jeffers continues,
quote, "the second word,
"rakbu," would be the noun,
"rider," from the verb
rakabu, to ride, frequently
meant upon a horse or chariot.
The middle third
word could possibly
be the word for
the city of Larsa
in Southern Mesopotamia,
today, modern Iraq, written out
phonetically.
It should be larak,
without a doubled A,
but the H is nonsensical
for Sumerian and Akkadian
and is puzzling.
The fourth word,
"sanu," could be
an infinitive of the
verb "to do again,
or a second time," or even
"to be different and strange."
And the fifth word, ki,
by itself can be Sumerian,
and would mean
"earth" or "land."
Close quote from the
professor at the University
of Pennsylvania.
The precise meaning of the
five Mesopotamian words
remain unclear.
Sergeant CJ is
waiting to see if he
has any more telepathic
downloads that
might explain more about these
Sumerian and Akkadian words.
But here is one more
look at everything
translated from binary
transmissions to Sergeant CJ
so far.
Some whistleblowers say that
advanced ET technology includes
control and
manipulation of gravity,
camouflaging matter with
invisibility, 3-D holograms,
and the ability to
fold space and time
in point-to-point transportation
around the cosmos.
What happened in Rendlesham
Forest on December 26, 1980
was apparently of great
interest to America's Defense
Intelligence Agency.
The DIA had remote
viewers working
at Fort Meade, Maryland, next
door to the National Security
Agency, in 1986.
There, remote viewer Lyn
Buchanan worked in a DIA unit
called DTS.
Their goal was to research how
accurately psychic abilities
could be used in their spy
program, called Stargate.
On July 14, 1986, one of Lyn's
assigned practice targets
was the Rendlesham
Forest Incident.
But only his monitor knew the
target that was on a three
by five card in a file
drawer in another room.
Further, Lyn knew nothing
about the military mystery
that had occurred six
years before on December 26
to 28, 1980.
But what Lyn did see
in remote viewing
seems to link to the repeating
theme in the binary code
messages about
planetary survival.
But is the threat
only to humans,
or could it be there is
an existential threat
to both humans
and ET allies that
inhabit Earth, what
government insiders have long
called the Alien Presence.
I interviewed Lyn
Buchanan recently
about this 2008
CIA-released document.
It is Lyn's original 1986
Rendlesham Forest controlled
remote viewing session.
None of us, including Lyn, knew
that it had been unclassified
and posted on the
CIA website in 2015
until John Burroughs, who
had been affected by lights
at RAF Bentwaters,
was told to go
to a specific URL on the web.
It was the CIA website, and
there was the 1986 transcript
of Lyn Buchanan's remote viewing
session of Rendlesham Forest.
Why was it put
there, Lyn wondered,
without anyone even telling him?
>> As always, I got
encrypted coordinates,
so I had no idea
I was viewing it.
And I was viewing one
specific night of that,
I found out later--
of the several nights.
And so that's the
only one I had viewed.
But during that, they had
me describe the craft,
and then they had me
go inside the craft
and draw the floor plans,
draw the internal plans,
and everything else.
What I got in the beginning was
just a control room, a control
panel, just like you would
expect for any flight deck.
The entire thing was empty.
I went ahead and went
through the rest of the ship.
But I went into the computer.
I can read computers.
And I went into the
computer and found out
that it was autonomous.
It wasn't controlled by anybody.
It was autonomous.
And it was looking
for something.
Several things, in fact.
And when it found it, when
it found one of those things
it was looking for,
programmed to look for.
It would radio back to
somebody and say, I found it,
and then later, they would
know exactly where to come.
From the outside, it was shiny.
[CHUCKLES] Of course.
It seemed to me on the
outside like it was maybe
about five or six times
the size of a car.
Now, when I got on the inside--
of course, if they were
smaller, it would look--
I would have shrunk to that,
and it would have-- you know.
But on the inside,
it looked pretty big.
There were
compartments and things
like that and this
control panel,
which was totally unmanned.
Now, one of the things about
controlled remote viewing
is that your conscious mind
works best present time.
Your subconscious mind can go
anywhere in time and space.
And so you give
the command, move
to that time and that place.
Now, what am I seeing here?
Present-- and your conscious
mind says, oh, now I'm seeing--
and so on.
We were never officially
tasked with ETs or UFOs.
During the entire
project, we were never
officially tasked with those.
And so we had done a
lot of ETs, and I never
found one that had any indicator
that it was a time machine.
I think it was just a drone that
was automated to go find things
and drone, phone home.
[LAUGHS]
I have no idea.
I don't know what
it was looking for,
but evidently it found
it at Rendlesham Forest.
>> Since 1979, I have
interviewed some 1,500 people
in what is called the
human abduction syndrome.
And what has emerged,
over more than 30 years,
is the repeating theme that an
alien presence is harvesting
genetic material from Earth.
Time machines,
incubators of alien life,
trying to survive in
planet-seeding missions.
ET hybrids and clones,
eons beyond us,
as the MJ-12 documents say.
Whistleblowers have reported
that alien technologies can
make their various spacecraft,
androids, and other ET
technologies invisible
to human eyes.
This Naval ship fading
into invisibility
is an October 2015 Northrop
Grumman Facebook posting.
In addition to invisibility, the
extraterrestrial technology is
described as functioning with
self-activating software that
can neutralize gravity and
project three-dimensional
holograms as camouflage the
human eyes and minds cannot
detect in the earth environment.
The alien goal, they say, is
to harvest genetic material
from this planet's animal
and human life in order
to create a large ongoing
supply of rapid-cycle cloned
and hybridized body containers,
with very advanced technology,
that some people in
human abduction syndrome
refer to as the
Resurrection Tubes.
I first learned about the
cloning tube technology
the first week of March of 1991.
That's when I
received in the mail
a large envelope that contained
an audio cassette, a letter,
and several color drawings from
a woman named Linda Porter.
She was born in 1946
and began having
memorable experiences with
non-humans by age 12 in 1958
She had decided it was
important to reach me
after hearing a
conference presentation
that I had given in California
concerning eyewitness
testimony about nonhuman
intelligences interacting
with our planet.
She was concerned
about her vulnerability
as a person caught up in the
human abduction syndrome,
and she was frightened about
the United States government's
policy of hiding
the alien presence.
Her letter to me began, quote,
"we-- meaning abductees--
are caught in the middle of
a series of ongoing events
that will one day prove
to be historically
significant to the
future of the Earth.
Unfortunately, because
of our continuing
non-voluntary interactions
with these beings,
we have, in a sense,
become victims
of both sides of the phenomena.
On the one hand, we
are used by the aliens
for their own purposes,
whatever those purposes may be.
On the other, if we speak
out, we risk ridicule
from the public,
and in some cases,
possible harassment
and/or intimidation
by government and
military personnel.
If you could look directly
into these creatures' eyes,
you'd realize that every detail
of your life, no matter how
personal, no matter how mundane,
how minute, is known to them.
It makes me wonder,
are we some kind
of Ken and Barbie
dolls being played
with by an emotionally
immature race of beings
with no sense of morality?
Or are we pawns held in the
grasp, maybe of a dying race,
that will do anything
for their own survival,
including the cold-blooded
manipulation of another
species--" which
is us, we humans--
"and the brutal mutilation
of helpless animals?
Unless a person has been through
the trauma of an abduction,
they cannot comprehend how these
entities can strip the mind
and soul as easily as they
can strip the clothes off
of a body.
They can scan details
of a person's life
with such facility
that they make
you feel as if you are an
interesting piece of lint
caught between their toes.
In the blink of an
eye, these beings
devastate all personal
freedom, all sense of privacy,
and all prospects for
living a normal existence.
A person's life is
never the same again.
He or she is changed forever."
Close quote.
Linda Porter's words
speak for a lot
of abductees who have interacted
with gray, blond, reptilian, or
insect humanoids.
But some abductees think that
there are friendly non-humans
which are actually trying to
help people advance to more
stability, that could help the
non-humans to survive as well.
In this 1995 Thanksgiving
letter to me,
Linda Porter wrote,
quote, "the people
who live on the Earth,
those who will survive
the destructive changes
to come, will be evolving
into a new species of being.
I'm not referring right
now to the time travelers
from Earth's future
that are here also.
That was something
that was necessary
because Earth
governments got hold
of a dangerous technology
that greatly altered
Earth's future for the worse.
Remember the mistake that
was made that I told you
about a while back?
Some type of technology
fell into the wrong hands,
and the future travelers
were sent back in time
to change that.
I don't know if it has been
changed, at least not yet.
But that was an entire
sidebar to evolution
that was never meant to happen."
Close quote.
Linda Porter was the first
of half a dozen people
in the human abduction
syndrome that I've
interviewed who experienced
being raised and lowered
in a tube of light and
passed through walls
that felt like thousands
of little feathers
all over their bodies.
Linda said the light, too, is
different from the tunnels that
opened up inside of her bedroom.
Quote, "the beam is used
only to transfer people
from Earth to a craft and back.
The tunnel is a
physical, created hole
from one dimension to another.
Traveling through the
tunnel was what made me ill.
It had something to do with
change in physical density
of two differing dimensions."
Close quote.
Linda told me that in 1963,
when she was 17 years old,
she was abducted from
her Covina, California
home by gray-colored
beings with large eyes.
These gray beings seem to be
the Extraterrestrial Biological
Entities, or EBENs, that are
described in leaked government
documents as friendly
and concerned about Earth
and human evolution.
Or perhaps they
are the EMERTHERS
referenced in Sergeant
CJ's binary downloads.
Linda Porter was
shown a procedure
to transfer the
soul or life force
from a dying man into a
healthy younger clone of a man.
Linda could see in one of the
cloning resurrection tubes.
The gray being told
Linda telepathically
that the same soul transfer
would be done with her.
That gray being explained
telepathically to Linda
that she had rheumatic
fever as a teenager that
damaged her heart.
The gray non-human said it was
vital that Linda Porter's soul
entity continue in the
same genetic body container
that she had been
born with in order
to accomplish an
unknown alien agenda.
Linda watched a golden,
yellow-orange light rise out
of the top of the dead man's
spine and elongate in the air
as it moved across the room
to a row of body-sized tubes,
lighted from the top
and from the bottom,
and filled with a strange,
purple-looking gas.
Inside the tubes,
on the far right,
was a cloned body
of the same man,
but about 10 years younger.
Linda Porter said there was
a problem about Earth body
containers, souls,
other dimensions,
and altered timelines.
Linda said, quote, "I was told
that the resurrected cloned
man would be
relocated elsewhere,
maybe Australia, and would
continue on with his life."
Close quote.
Linda thought that it was
vital to the non-human entities
that the man's soul
continue functioning longer
inside the same
kind of container
that his older,
sick body had been.
Linda thought that one of the
reasons that the non-humans
take tissue samples
from abductees when they
are as young as
four years old is
to have this tissue
in reserve in case
a new body for the abductee
to keep going in human life
becomes necessary later on.
Linda explained,
quote, "new bodies
can be stored indefinitely.
The containers in the
sketch with the three
people in the tubes
are storage containers.
The containers in
both new sketches
I sent you are
activation containers.
They have a light
in the top that
must be on the person for
unknown amount of hours
before a body can be activated
if a body has been in storage.
If the body is newly made,
it does not need light.
In the sketch with the
three people in the tubes,
the body on the far
right was the younger one
given to the dying man.
I got the impression,
she said, the aliens
do not like to do this
soul transfer very often.
Actually, I got the feeling
the aliens are not supposed
to be doing this at all.
But they seem to be
backed into a corner
and have no other recourse.
They also seem to be
trying to hide all of this
from some higher form of life.
Whatever the authority is that
prohibits this soul transfer
also prohibits the
ETs from interfering
on this planet Earth.
But the Greys are interfering.
Whoever the authority
is is much higher
evolved than they are and
wields a great deal of power
over many, many other
realms of existence."
Linda Porter said there is
much, much more to existence
than we could ever
begin to understand.
Much of what we have
been taught regarding
the physical universe and the
laws that govern it is wrong.
The EBEN doing the soul
transfer from her diseased body
to her new cloned body in
one of the lighted tubes,
gave Linda Porter an overview
of how the cosmos is constructed
from the EBEN's point of view.
The universe, she said, is
built on sound patterns, which
is why so many different
world dimensions can
exist in the same space.
Each is on a
different frequency.
Disrupt a world dimension to
the point that you destroy
the carrier wave that it
exists on, and you have created
a whole inexistence that cannot
support the dimension above
or below it.
Each frequency, besides
maintaining its own world
dimension, also supports or
holds in place the one above it
and below it.
Everything is interdependent.
There are countless worlds'
dimensions occupying
the same space without
being aware of one another
because of having their
own individual octaves.
The octave frequency holds
the world dimension in place
and causes it to exist
safely without interfering
with or even being aware
of other worlds around it.
This frequency acts as a
buffer zone to keep everything
in its place.
You do anything to disrupt it,
and you begin a collapse that
starts a deadly chain reaction.
If the density of this collapse
reaches a certain weight,
spacetime itself
begins to collapse.
Atomic and hydrogen
bombs physically
tear into other dimensions.
And whatever the experiment
is that our government
in the United States is
involved with in outer space,
if successful, it will
change the density of matter
to such an extent that
the chain reaction started
will not be able to be stopped
by anybody in any world
or dimension.
Linda Porter said
there are literally
hundreds of different alien
life forms here trying to stop
what is happening,
as it is putting
their own worlds at risk.
Some, as I had mentioned
in earlier letters,
are not supposed
to be interfering,
but are doing so anyway.
What they are all trying to
do is stop a ripple effect
that will emanate
outward from Earth
should this government
experiment succeed.
With all their technology,
why don't the aliens
or their superiors just walk
in and stop the whole thing
themselves?
Why do they need us
abductees to speak for them?
Something just doesn't
make any sense.
I wonder if we are being lied
to, used for some purpose
to put over ideas that
they want us to believe.
If there is an experiment,
maybe if it succeeds,
it will put us in competition
with the aliens for something
they don't want to share.
Maybe they're trying to scare
us out of their neighborhood.
A similar warning about a
government experiment in space
was described by another woman
in the abduction syndrome named
Judy Doraty.
I met Judy in
spring 1980, when I
was producing the TV
documentary, "A Strange
Harvest," about the worldwide
animal mutilation phenomenon.
Law enforcement told me as
far back as September 1979
that they knew the perpetrators
of animal mutilations
are creatures from
outer space because
of the bloodless surgical
excisions on both
the surface of animals and the
removal of internal organs,
such as hearts and trachea,
without any surgical excisions
on the surface of
the animal's body.
Some whistleblowers say that
advanced ET technology includes
control and
manipulation of gravity,
camouflaging matter with
invisibility, 3-D holograms,
and the ability to
fold space and time
in point-to-point transportation
around the cosmos.
We'll hear from some
government whistleblowers
on the next "Truth Hunter."
This is Linda Moulton Howe.
Please stay tuned to my Gaia
series for more revelations
about our universe,
this solar system,
and the planet we live on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]